# Mixture Integral Analysis
Low-data mixture integral distinguishers and attacks on reduced-round AES.

## *code/AES_3round_ImpossibleMixtureIntegralDistinguisher.c*
This program contains the distinguisher on 3-round AES. The *modeOfOperation* define at the top of the source code specifies whether AES (*modeOfOperation = 0*) or a random permutation (*modeOfOperation = 1*, in our case 21-round AES) is used.
The program can be compiled with `gcc AES_3round_ImpossibleMixtureIntegralDistinguisher.c -o dist`.

As input, it generates  10 chosen plaintexts and the corresponding ciphertexts generated by 3-round AES (with a random secret key) or/and a random permutation.
The distinguisher is able to check if such ciphertexts have been generated by AES or by a random permutation with a probability of 95% (that is, in the remaining 5% of the cases it is not able to distinguish between the two permutations).

## *code/aes_key_recovery.cpp*
This source file contains both the key-recovery attacks on 3-round and on 4-round AES. It can be compiled with `g++ -std=c++11 -O2 -o aes_key_recovery aes_key_recovery.cpp -lcrypto -maes`. The attack on 3-round AES is fully executed, while only the 4-byte candidates are printed during the 4-round attack.

## *code/secret_sbox_attack.sage*
Finally, this file contains the attack on 3-round AES with a single secret S-box. The key relations are printed in the final step of the attack.

## Detailed Explanations
For a complete description of the distinguishers and of the attacks, we refer to the paper.
